We get code to fetch data and initialize our store with it.
However if we wisit a single post we're still using async data.
The idea behind that is that DB hosts in our store might not include all the posts we have because maybe
we have that many posts that we don't fetch him all initially but we just fetch a slice of posts which
we actually want to show in a list if the user enters a specific ID into your Eldo.
We want to be able to fetch all posts though that is what I want to implement now.
So here I want to keep async data but I want to fetch that from firebase therefore I need access here
to import access from actuals like this instead of our dummy sets.
Timeout code here which I'll remove instead an async data.
I want to return X just get again we have to return this and get gifts as a promise.
We now should also remove the callback here so that Nax doesn't wait for data to be called.
Now he's received some promise and since we returned promise he will wait for this to finish the code
for the promise now is pretty close to what we had here when we fetched all posts.
The differences that we fetch when specific post though.
So what we do is if we have a look at our firebase database we fetch something like this a specific
your L with a specific idea encoded in it.
Of course we can't hard code the ID.
That won't work.
That has to be something we get from the route parameter.
So we should access context parents ID here to get the idea to use entered into else L and then since
it's firebase we need to add doc Jason.
Again this is just a firebase thing.
Now we're taking the ID the user entered into account.
We dentals a should provide then in a catch block if we catch an error or we should simply use context
error and call that method to Schoeni or page in the then block we get back a response though which
has a data field which contains the data for the post we fetched.
Now this data can be used in our component here.
I want to return and keep in mind since we're an async data this will now be merged with your normal
component data.
Here I want to return my loaded post so I will return a loaded post propertied
which in the end should be my response data.
Again data is really the data we're fetching.
For that you are l and data will have.
Def format offer content preview text thumbnail and title.
The problem is here we also need the updated date so that is something that's missing to make sure it's
not missing.
We will have to store it in your posts too.
So let's go back to the new post index of your file and when we submit a new post with the post data
here we actually want to have the updated date as part of it so we can go to the admin post form component
again and here when we send this new post.
This edited post didn't actually include the date the updated date.
So back in the new post component here where we received that data and where we submitted.
Let's instead submit a new object where we use to spread operator to pull out all the properties of
the post data and we add a new one the updated date.
So essentially the field I want to retrieve your updated date.
This one is now added to this object we send to the server and here I just use new date to use the current
date.
So this is not a new payload.
Whoops.
The new payload that is sent to the server it contains the submitted post data.
This is coming from the form and adds this one.
Now with that to see that all in action we should go back to our application.
Let's remove that post for now here because it doesn't include the updated date field and let's create
a new post instead.
So back here.
Let's go to the admin section.
Yeah we get an error.
We'll fix this and let's create a new post again.
So Max a new post again let's enter the a link does is hopefully the final post.
Does it work is our click bait title.
Let's say it's safe here.
We get back a success response code if we look into the database.
Now we get the updated date here and now with that if we go back to our next application to the main
page and we load a single post disease.
The Post we're fetching from the back and so this is now working as it should.